Hey, Andy, this is Alec. I'm just calling to follow up on the grant opportunity report.
Yeah, did you... I'm just wondering if you got it. Maybe... Let me see. I sent it from...
Yeah, I sent it from... Let me see what you mean. I think I sent it from Alec at climbinventures.com.
All right, so... Alec, A-L-E-K-A-L-E-C.
Alec at climbinventures. K-L-E-I.
Yeah, K-L-E-I-N, and then M-A-N.
Can you report that to me?
Yeah. I know you have the initially yellow, but I think I sent that from the surface for you.
Let me see... Okay, here.
E-I-E-I, like Calvin Klein, and then M-A-N.
Okay, I'm gonna forward it. Maybe I could have gone to your spam folder, maybe?
Let's see.
And then it's Andy.do at rhsl.
Yeah, it is, yeah, it is, like, they call those of us.
For... Yeah, I've never got the phone.
Let's see...
Here's your phone.
So, um, try it with some other people I sent it to.
The feedback form is too long. That's what I've learned.
So, you can fill out the feedback form, or I can just call you, like, I don't know,
tomorrow or the next day sometime, and just ask a few questions to see what you thought.
And then, essentially, get enough feedback to build you a better report.
And I can send that out a few days later.
I love it's great. It looks very better report.
Yeah, I just... I recommend all of these, uh, yeah, usually, yeah.
We like to have all of them in the surrounding area.
But yeah, with all of these, I'm aware of these things.
Oh, okay, let's get to know.
Great that you're here.
Your AI tool kind of can go this up.
Yeah, yeah. Um, so, if you could read through it, I think you could call it a day or two.
It just be thinking, like, okay, it sounds like you already knew about the opportunities.
Yeah.
So, as far as what you can think about is what seems helpful and what would be more helpful, like,
maybe it's opportunities you haven't heard of, you know, different types of opportunities,
or someone mentioned that they're really focusing on trying to build
relationships with new foundations.
And so, leaning more into the report, as in these are the foundations you should be reaching out to.
Anyway, just like that kind of thought process.
And then I can kind of hone it in and see if I can do something that's like,
yeah, this is super helpful.
All right, what's your background in this area?
Yeah, so, it's data analytics in a little bit of computer science.
So, but the way that we actually,
do you know the form 990?
I guess, probably, for, for the project.
So, so as far as the background, I actually use a mixture of AI and the data analytics.
On the database, the IRS gives from those forms to kind of predict what opportunities would be
most helpful. So, that's how it all kind of plays in the color.
Yeah, so I work in, I work in healthcare data analytics.
And I'm just building this on the side, but yeah, I mean, my background is in economics.
So, as far as the work goes, you're doing, let's see what you want to hope to do as high as you
can, let's see what you want to do as high as you can, let's see what you want to do as high as you can.
So, I think it's a lot of fun, I mean, typically those are few and far between.
Right.
But, yeah, I think that's great.
Yeah, usually we have an idea of what it's just home funds or CBT funds.
Yeah, they're making state, state-level funds.
Yes, they'll be going to state-level, they might have state programs that we're not aware of as well.
Oh, okay.
So, that might be the other caveat for heading on the year depending on how much funding you receive,
the state might have it in someone's source of funding.
And how about frequency?
Like, a monthly report with this much information, would that be too much or not enough to kind of
keep you guys busy?
Yeah, monthly report would be good.
Yeah, that would be pretty good.
Yeah.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, this is super helpful.
So, yeah, maybe just as you read through it and you have any more thoughts,
you can surely email and say, hey, I liked this or, hey, this, you know,
this is kind of redundant or something like that.
Okay, yeah, yeah, I mean, the fact that you guys
got this, yeah, that's the thing with the green.
Okay.
Yeah, I know, I think this is great.
Okay, sweet.
All right, well, we'll be in touch when I get the other feedback then I'll kind of whip up
round two report.
You can kind of see if it's better or more helpful.
So, okay, I appreciate it.
I think it's a lot out.
Yeah, no problem.
Have a good one.
Okay, you too take care.
Thanks.
Bye.
