We have to make a plan, it's like, you know, like for, like animals, shelters, or like food drive, but they have one permission, right?
Right.
But it's not different because they have so many different missions.
Like, we have a fellowship program trying to provide, you should be correct, you're training all over the world.
But we have to, like, we get hundreds of applications very high on the phone, but we want the research.
So we're trying to do a safer shelter in some way.
We are involved with, like, uh, uh, as it should be, we're like, what's the question is,
how would it be practiced and what should be treated better?
We should now come and stay prepared for, like, such another area.
And then the course that we do, but how do we do that's another area?
So that's what I mean.
I like it broad and specific, but it's broad at the same time.
Right.
It almost sounds like, um, as you look for grants, it's like you're looking for grants for several different nonprofits at the same time,
even though it's wrapped into one, which can be challenging.
Yeah.
And, like, I noticed a trend, and I did try to think of how can, like, like for instance, like if I'm trying to sum a graphic,
um, a lot of the grants that we, for instance, the matching points were, um, uh, when seniors on the ground was great.
Okay.
Yeah.
And while a lot of, um, uh, I have activities, uh, in general, of building safer shelter groups for everyone,
we know it's that it doesn't cut, um, out of the population.
It's thermal, vulnerable to experience things.
You know, it's a crucial area that, um, um, into that nature.
But at the same time, like, if we go into that ground, the grant is typically asking for us to hold and work with seniors.
And then that kind of way to call by them.
It's a one-on-one working method.
Uh, yeah, that does.
And so essentially, um, in applying for a grant, you would use the funding across several different, like, types of missions.
But often people are giving grants for a specific, like, type of person-like seniors or something like that.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Um, like, um, there's another grant that I don't think we've been able to match with.
But even if we did, it's a little bit difficult for us to meet for that.
You can, there's a lot of different things, um, like mission-wise, like we have, but, uh, to improve, um, like, helps at access.
But there will be for, like, uh, traditional clinics where, uh, when they provide the access, and there's a many of our companies.
Right.
So, um, that's starting to make sense.
So I guess one question I have is the grants that you've received in the past.
Do you feel like those have been, uh, what's the word?
Um, let's see, like, really applicable, uh, or, for example, you're like, do you feel like, okay, if we could just find more grants like the ones we got the last few years, then, you know, those were the ones that kind of work for our specific challenges.
Yeah.
It's difficult because, um, we have the foundation.
Um, you should have that, but can you do it without the other top public traits that, um, you know, the board, uh, how, like, the foundation, um, the facilities and things of that interest of all strength of relationships, and I think, um, that helps the foundation.
Uh, in the past, but now we're between, like, a point where we want to find out in other areas.
Uh, yes.
Okay.
Uh, so something, just to make sure I understand, I used to work for a company where, um, their growth was mostly network based in the capital point where they said, okay, we want to basically be receiving projects around your case, I guess it would be funding from people that aren't necessarily our friends.
It's just, you know, more of an application kind of thing.
Yeah.
Uh, okay. Um, so question I have is, oh, sorry, go ahead.
Uh, I'm just going to mention that, uh, we've tried to receive, and I know what's going on back to their own thing.
Right.
Um, that's not what it's going to be.
Um, I'm going to talk to the corporation, but the horse up, you type in a bunch to, like, support that, um, like any truck, you guys, like, the research that provides, like, education, um, and, um,
you know, we have a lot of, um, aligns with, like, um, what do you remember all the measures and things of that interest?
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
More of a rigorous application process, I guess, or they need more, like, quantitative impact evidence or something like that.
I think from what I, um, it's like, the project, something, um, just kind of, uh, it's, uh, it's, um, like, it could be how bad that.
Right.
So if that's where, when it's a small clinic, that, the choice in there, it helps them.
Um, like, there was, uh, a phone call, because what they usually apply to that.
Yeah.
But for us, that's just one of the things we need to know.
Right.
That makes sense.
Um, okay.
So, I have a question.
So, okay.
You mentioned you went through the opportunities and, you know, because of various reasons, you weren't eligible.
Um, except for one of them, it either was bi-invitational, or it had closed.
Um, can you tell me more about why that one seemed, like, if it had still been open, what seemed kind of promise?
Yeah, I do have to, um, don't get it one more time.
Oh, yeah, you're good.
Um, I have another question if you don't have it handy.
Yeah.
This question is, um, so, I guess before asking the question, I'll summarize, kind of, my understanding.
So, essentially, you have, um, several, kind of a broad range of specific focuses that you, um, are working on.
And it's a pretty broad geographic area as well.
It's worldwide.
Um, and so, as you've applied for grants, that the success that you found has been through more relationship building, I guess.
People that you've built relationships in the past, but now you're growing in a way that you're hoping to expand past just relationships and be able to say,
okay, let's apply to these grants and we can bring in money without, kind of, the, the networking cost, I guess.
Um, is that right?
Yeah, I think, um, just diversifying.
Uh, uh, yes, diversifying who's, who you're being given from.
Um, so a question I have is kind of a two per question, um, so let's see.
I'm trying to figure out what would be most valuable in this next report that I send you, um, given kind of what I've learned.
And so, I can do more research and kind of fine tune the actual matching.
I have a little bit more information now and kind of predicting, okay, these opportunities would probably be most likely given the constraints you guys are working with.
So, so one of them is more specific opportunities.
Um, one of them is, um, more matching on foundations.
Like these are the foundations that given their portfolio, who they've worked with in the past, the kind of grants that they're giving out and stuff like that.
And in even how much money they have to give, um, these would be worth trying to build relationships with.
And so it's less specific opportunities based.
Maybe it would give like a few foundations, um, different ways to get in contact with them or conferences or events that will be going to or contact people.
Maybe even like contact people that you guys might have in common between board members.
And then maybe a list of current opportunities that they have posted or if they don't have something posted, it's just, you know, this is kind of the money that they are said to have available to give.
And these are kind of ways to get in contact with them.
So, so more foundation focused versus opportunities focused.
Um, so what do you think about like which one seems most valuable in the next report for you guys?
I mean, um, for your phone, I think that makes a lot of fun.
Like, if we could just, because I think the issue with what's all a lot of these grants is what?
Um, because we're involved in so much, it would be great to like find a way to just to be more, maybe they're on.
So, because I want to follow up to what we do because again, it's like, it's very like specific yet not very specific and the scope is very broad.
Um, and I don't know if I'm saying very, it makes sense to me in my team.
You can find all the likes of programs and different things that you do.
Right.
But I understand it doesn't make sense in the ground load.
Um, something that I can't say, but just the matching that sounded the most aligned with what we do.
Yeah.
Was, um, thought foundation.
Um, it was just difficult and on top of it, Jeremy older adulting California, um, to improve access to health and social services.
Um, and I think that's where, um, it kind of seems like we could do what along with that.
Oh, you're saying, um, you're saying one of the opportunities that seem most helpful.
Which one was it again?
The art foundation.
Okay.
And what did you say? Why?
Why do you feel like that one seemed most, I guess, promising helpful?
Like was it the foundation itself?
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
And I can pull up as well the report here.
Um, um, um.
At the time it was good.
And it was like now I'm like setting up.
Oh, you're good.
Thank you.
I don't know.
Like a lot of, um, my patients don't, there's just like bringing more voice to older adults.
Because, um, thank you very much.
I got a thing like more of the vulnerable, um, population of residents and health care.
That's why I thought it could be more, um.
And I think that, and just like I've got, it's been much better, I hope.
But, um, I think also it's new.
It's just what this is that up to.
Like it's excited.
Like, um, if that's the place for the program is open to them in July, and then from that organization.
That's why I invited you to submit a letter of a query.
So I think maybe that format works for a bit more because it's not like a very, like, even
if it's specific, if we could just write something and like do a pitch and then you know,
like, so we could just start.
Because like I said, we don't have any one in life.
And when we have time straight now, so what we're trying to see is, like, what information
we need in life, do we have a better chance of getting the response from?
Like we used to use them because some of the work that we did lately was a turn of
hope.
So there was a foundation that was giving support for like, just like one of it was a turn
of hope.
So we submitted it like inquiry.
Right.
But we didn't care that.
But at least like we know, hey, that was just the one.
And I think one thing that would do, like we just need to find the right set.
Okay.
That makes sense.
And so just to summarize, make sure I understand.
And so you're in the process of kind of honing in on the exact type of foundation that is most
likely to give you guys grants in that process.
It seems most helpful to, instead of like put a lot of up front time into a single application
that seems promising.
It's more like a quick intro proposal kind of thing to lots of foundations.
And then you see who bites and kind of from their learn, who your best contact is.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
I think it's a point.
And I know well, we should find some support that's trying to align with everything that was
there.
And I mean, we've seen that it's there and not so in the one that was there.
But I think that's important.
I think it's where we're trying to manage that.
Okay.
So here's my idea.
Tell me what you think about this for the next report that I send it.
Let's see.
It sounds like it could be if so I can go to your website and kind of get a list of the different
types of missions or things that you guys are doing to have that for reference.
And then in the next report, it can be more foundation focused in saying these are the foundations
that you guys are, you know, according to the data is predicted.
We'd recommend you reach out to them and share this aspect of your mission or this specific thing
that you're doing.
And then maybe some background information on the foundation why we think that foundation is a good fit
and maybe some information to help know kind of what they might be looking for.
And then that could be a type of report that you could get regularly that would say, okay, try out these foundations.
And then, you know, especially if there's a way that you can say, hey, this is how it went.
This is what was good.
This wasn't good.
The next report would have more foundations that are kind of better fine tuned to whatever current projects
you're trying to raise money for.
Yeah.
And I think that maybe it's a little bit difficult because like, what you mentioned is perfectly.
What we're doing at the time because it changes.
And I'm trying to think like so much about what changes.
But the basis of it is that our money will stay the same.
The more it is, it will stay the same.
And we believe that there are these meetings.
What's consistent and what's grown, I think, is development.
And I think that's like our broader strategy to creating single health care system.
That one is the one I was thinking.
If we could.
But probably the easiest one to be able to quantify and stay like this is a direct way that we believe is, like,
it's like, the ocean program has grown so much.
And the reason why we're all very passionate about it and how did this program,
is because we see the impact that it's making on our third meeting.
And the hope is that this grows into a network globally to create different health care systems.
So we do that in addition to all of the other things that we are involved with as well.
Okay.
So sounds like for this next report, I'll find a set of maybe again five foundations that might be worth reaching out to.
Yeah, about the fellowship program specifically a program that you guys have that seems promising and you're, you know, you could use some more funding for.
Yeah.
We could just learn how it is.
We can go support for it.
Like I said, like that is one person that we have.
So we have so many.
And like.
So we don't charge on the fellows anything.
So I believe it's great.
There's like a lot of work that goes into the program and a large program of the foundation.
We plan to manage it.
Like at low cost.
But cost is like time and like things of that nature.
And we're providing these free bridges to that was because.
And then also it's a little different because where it's bringing up like a future is because of like an easy thing to find fun.
Where.
Where it's easy to measure how many like meals or packages are delivered to one person.
Or even though our fellowship program has turned from four individuals, the first year to now 18, like.
There's only a staff of like.
Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
Okay.
But the information is super helpful.
I mean, just in helping me understand kind of like what challenges you guys are going through.
And like given the tools and the things that I'm building over here.
Kind of how I might be able to support best.
Those challenges.
So.
Okay.
I'll send another report.
I'll do more research on the actual programs that you have with some emphasis on the fellowship program.
And this report will be more focused on matching with foundations and kind of recommendations on how to.
Why those foundations background on the foundations, how to build relationships with them like specific events or people that might be worth reaching out to.
And why they might be interested in a specific program that you guys have going on.
Yeah.
Okay.
Cool.
All right.
Well, I will be.
It will take some time to build, but I'm hoping to have it ready by the end of the week.
But I'll keep you updated.
Yeah.
Of course.
A lot of the information is mainly on impact.
That's why we have work on purpose, which is about organization.
The project.
Which I'll come for.
And I'll show you for them.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll take a look at that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
That would be awesome.
And then for the next after I send the next report, I'll just plan on giving you a call after a couple of days.
I think that'll be easier than like a really long form.
And also then it'll be more tailored to kind of what you're actually thinking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just talking about the balance.
It's important.
Our next report.
For an hour today and then two hours yesterday with the current report.
So a lot of things come up.
Yes.
It's kind of a two of years as well.
Okay.
Cool.
Consuelo.
Thank you for chatting and we'll be in touch.
I'm excited to kind of see what I can whip up.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
And we appreciate your support.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.
